Card enhancements tags: add documentation and TRN feature section (#1176)
livingdocsIO/documentation: content/operations/releases/release-2026-07.md

### Image Card Metadata: Hide Labels and Limit Line Count

Photo editors work through large volumes of images and rely on the metadata shown on media library cards to judge each one at a glance. When a metadata value is long - like a description - the card grows tall and the dashboard becomes harder to scan, and repetitive labels waste space. Previously the only workaround was hiding the entire additional info box, which also hid useful information.

Two new options on `additionalInfo` let you keep cards compact without losing information:

- **`showLabel`**: hide a property's label when it's redundant or self-explanatory
- **`maxLineCount`**: collapse a value after a set number of lines, with a toggle to expand it

This feature is opt-in. See the [Dashboard Cards documentation]({{< ref "/reference/project-config/editor-settings/#additional-metadata" >}}) for the configuration details.

{{< img src="release-2026-07-image-card-metadata-before-and-after.png" alt="Media library image card before and after hiding labels and limiting line count" width="600" caption="Before and after: hiding redundant labels and limiting the line count keeps cards compact." >}}

### Media Library Tags

> Editors browsing the Media Library can now judge an image directly from its card - no need to open the detail view or lightbox first. Cards can show at a glance whether an image is already in a collection or inbox, how often it has been used, its license status, resolution, and archive state.

Reviewer: Isn't the resolution still behind a feature flag and only available to FAZ. If so, I wouldn't document it. The same applies to the paragraph in the media library guide.

> Editors browsing the Media Library can now judge an image directly from its card - no need to open the detail view or lightbox first. Cards can show at a glance whether an image is already in a collection or inbox, how often it has been used, its license status, resolution, and archive state.

Reviewer: They could already judge an image before, just from looking at the thumbnail, but now they have more information to do so.

```suggestion
Editors browsing the Media Library now see more information for judging an image directly from its card - no need to open the detail view or lightbox first. Cards can show at a glance whether an image is already in a collection or inbox, how often it has been used, its license status, resolution, and archive state.
```
